and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show looking forward to being
joined by alan langer today
alan is a speaker sales trainer and a
published
author who's been in sales for only over
27 years
his book the seven secrets to selling
more by selling less
is an amazon best seller and talks about
how to shed
the sleazy skin all salespeople are
perceived to have and become the
salesperson everyone
wants to talk about and refer business
to alan
a very warm welcome to the susqueh to
the show square how are you doing
i'm good sam how are you thanks for
having me no worries dude yeah doing
good on this side
and looking forward to today's
conversation alan we're going to be um
mixing it up and talking about why we
need to stop selling and start helping
people
and we'll also have good stuff and we'll
have a bit of a chat about how we can
utilize content
to help us with this as i know you're
you're very big on content you've
obviously got your own podcast as well
so we'll get into that but first of all
alan why do we need to
shift our mindset from focusing on the
cell
to actually focusing on helping our
potential customer or our existing
customers
well if you think about it in your own
experience you know do you like
does anybody like talking to a
salesperson when i wrote my book i did a
survey
i asked 236 people over a two-week
period
in a coffee shop i sat and wrote my book
in a coffee shop and everybody that
walked in i asked them this one question
i said do you like meeting with or
talking with a salesperson
and all 236 said no
it wasn't even like maybe it were they
were all emphatic no's
and when you think about why that is
it's because sales people
usually for the most part and that's the
perception is they just care about the
sale
they just care about selling you
something they don't care about you
and that's the mindset that's trained so
when you are actually
approaching or approaching used to when
we used to be able to approach face to
face and
now with with zoom calls if all you're
thinking about is how you're going to
sell the customer
you will always be a mediocre sales rep
because the customer
wants you to help them not to sell them
so if you prior to the sales call or the
or the meeting
if you change your mindset to say i'm
here to help this customer whether they
buy or not i don't care if they buy or
not
but if what i can offer can help them
then you will actually start selling
more because the natural byproduct of
the conversation
becomes the sale because you're leading
with helping not with selling
and that's the the mindset is number one
if
your mindset stays with i gotta hit my
numbers i gotta hit my quota
you'll just always be average yeah that
almost answers my question really alan
because i know if
if i look back to my younger days where
i first got into sales perhaps almost 10
years ago
and when i first got into the digital
sales game anyway when when a lead would
come in or if i generated my own leads
either over the phone or through our
website
i'd always be thinking just like you
said then i want to bring the sail in
not necessarily putting the customers
needs first and just thinking whatever
happens i want to get this quote shipped
i want to try and close them over the
phone or i want to send the proposal and
i want to get the the business in
um and like you say obviously that's
that's something that sometimes might
work
but it's certainly not going to please
everyone you speak to and in
some cases might even piss them off so
exactly
what are some ways that we can actually
shift our mindset
instead of even if especially when it's
um at the end of the quarter
or the end of the month when we've
probably got a big target over our head
either for our business or for a rep
then we've got that that
target we need to match what are some
ways that we can kind of shift our
mindset
and make sure even even if we have got
this high pressure we're still putting
the customers needs
ahead yeah i mean the the
it it does become tough when you
actually have a numbers based
like all sales are based on numbers you
know let's be real you know they're
going to look at numbers at the end of
the day
but if all that all the company cares
about are your numbers
and not about how the customers feel
it's going to be a company that you're
just always prospecting rather than
than using your existing customers for
referrals
and and and if you start the month the
right way
you should end the month not worrying
about your quotas because
all of that that entire attitude of
helping will
make you will let you hit your numbers
very very easily and then as you do that
and you become the sales rep that people
want to talk to and refer
because think about it when you meet a
salesperson this is happens to everyone
in their lives
you meet a sales person that actually
doesn't fit the perception of
selling first or it's in it for me you
actually meet a salesperson that you
like and seems to be very interested in
helping you
you are thrilled and you like refer that
person to everyone you know
oh you you need you need a new car go to
go to peter at this
at this car lot because he was awesome
he didn't try to sell me something i
didn't need
so it may take a little while to get to
that point but then you're just going to
start being head and shoulders above
everyone else because again you're
putting the customer's needs first
you're putting the customer
you're asking about the problem that you
can solve rather than just pushing your
product
and the numbers will take care of
themselves it may not happen overnight
but if
you can be consistent with that don't
get hung up in the numbers don't say oh
my god i have to make this sale to meet
my quota
um you're just going to have commission
breath and you and customers are going
to see that
and you're not going to sell it you're
just probably not going to sell it
got it so in this show alan we talk a
lot about asking great questions to our
customers throughout the discovery stage
and ongoing throughout the sales process
and even once they do if they do become
a customer
um so is that what this is about alan or
is there a bit more to it
to to ensure that we really are a
helpful resource
to our prospects or our existing
customers and they don't just view us as
another pesky salesman who wants to take
their cash
yeah i mean the questions are critical
but the quest questions have to be
genuine they can't be like uh
i i i walked into this company once that
for some sales training and
they showed me their process and one of
the processes they had was
they had a clipboard that the reps would
what this was in home selling
they'd walk into a house with a
clipboard with a questionnaire on it
and that's how they would start the
presentation
i was like if you're making your
customers feel like they're in a
doctor's office
what are you doing that's not genuine uh
so
it's it's it's sometimes it's so simple
but just reps don't even think about it
or they're never trained
i would always start a presentation by
saying listen i'm not here to give you a
sales presentation
tell me why i'm here tell me about your
problems and then i would just shut up
and just that simple introduction their
walls went down they took a deep breath
like oh my god
this guy's not a typical sales person
and that's different from saying i hear
some sales rep saying
oh i'm not here to sell you anything no
that's a lie you are there to sell
something
and if you say i'm not i'm here i'm not
here to sell you anything customers know
you're lying
but if you say to them i'm not here to
give you a sales presentation or i'm not
here to talk about stuff you don't want
to hear
that's a relief to the customer and then
the walls start coming down
and then you can start asking questions
about their problems it's never about
you
it's never about your company it's never
about the product
until it is they'll tell you when they
want to hear about the product
if you lead with your product they're
going to tune you out
got it so it sounds like a lot of this
is to to do with
listening in understanding your
customers needs their problems like you
mentioned helen
and how do we ensure we're not over
helping so how do we ensure that we're
not becoming almost a free consultant
to someone that's just helping our our
prospects so much we're giving them all
the information all the details they
need
that they don't actually need our
services anymore because we've answered
so many of their questions we've been
such a helpful resource
they don't actually need to pay our
invoice or go ahead with our quote or
our picture our presentation
because we've already given them all the
the info they need to get it done
themselves
it's actually a a common misconception
that that's a problem you will never
ever be too much of a help you know a
lot of people like when we get to the
when we start talking about content
people are afraid to put content out
on linkedin or on social media because
like they their
their concept is oh my god i want i'm
giving away all my secrets
but you're actually not because what
you're doing
instead is positioning yourself as the
expert as the authority
and giving them great content and then
when they need your help
they will call you they're not going to
be able to do what you do
they think they do you know i i give i
give two or three sales tips
a week on linkedin it doesn't mean
and and i hope they're very helpful but
if someone actually says you know what i
really want some
some in-depth training i'm hoping they
call me because of the content that i
gave them
it's like the great analogy i heard is
if you're trying to build a house
and you call your friend who's a house
builder once a day and say how do i
put the header up here how do i put the
electric in and he just tells you
and then after two weeks you're like
holy crap i just can't build this house
myself
who are you going to call to help you
build the house the guy who gave you all
the information
so there's really no such thing as too
much content there's no such thing as
too much
helping the more you help the more
rewards you will reap
coming back to you again it may take a
little time but
trust me give away as much as you can
because it will always come back
definitely and that's something i've
personally seen a lot especially with
with linkedin and tools like that so
without further ado let's let's jump
into the content side alan
as i was saying before i know you're big
on content just like myself just like
the show
you've got your own podcast you've put a
lot of useful tips in terms of sales
and that kind of good stuff across
social so
why do we need to to leverage content to
within the essence of the show be
helpful to build up trust
is it going to be a good use of our time
how quickly can we see the results um
why should we even consider doing it
well in in today's world
people are going to want it they're
going to want to trust someone and
they're not just going to
um call anyone so
when you start putting out content in a
consistent basis and when i say content
the content is never about you it's
always about helping or giving some sort
of value
and when you start doing that your
potential customers will start seeing
you
as as a resource as an expert
as an authority in your field and when
they need you
or when they see run into someone who
may need you
they will call you because you're top of
mind
you know if you need let's say you
needed a sales trainer and
you saw me consistently on linkedin
you think you're going to start
searching for different sales trainers
you're going to
probably go to the one that you say i
kind of like this guy's stuff
i trust him i'm just going to call him
and have a conversation
it's the same with the let's say you
needed a real estate
uh you know someone to help you buy a
house and you're on linkedin or facebook
every day and you see the one real
estate person that's giving you
really valuable content about mortgages
about education
in a town about you know how to search
for a house
as opposed to just going online and
searching real estate agents you're
gonna you're gonna contact the person
that you've seen every day
who's offered you the valuable content
so it's critical that you do that and
do it in a consistent basis don't do it
once every three weeks
give yourself a schedule say okay on
mondays and thursdays i'm posting
something whether it's a video whether
it's writing
anything you can to give value and
again then at the very end of it you can
say contact me for more information or
just leave it just say
hope this helps because they will
contact you when they need you
now it is a long play it's not something
that's going to happen overnight
i'll use myself as a personal example
when covet happened in march
the majority of my clients came from
speaking engagements i would do a
speaking engagements and walk out with
two or three
potential clients to do training well
overnight i lost eight speaking
engagements that i had scheduled which
means my pipeline of clients disappeared
and i had a hundred followers on
linkedin in march
so after i crawled into a ball for 24
hours and felt sorry for myself i
figured up i'm like i gotta figure out
how to do this so i said i gotta dive
into linkedin
and as of you know this week i have over
seven thousand followers
and it's simply because of consistent
consistent consistency
that's what it is posting all the time
yep
so on that note if we've got people
tuning in people listening
that are thinking hmm like the sound of
this this content idea like the sound of
building trust like the sound of being
helpful and also generating inbound
opportunities that could lead to sales
how do we or what are some ways that
you've thought about putting together
content so do we just jump in and start
putting together videos or how do we
ensure that the stuff we're putting out
whether it's text posts whether it's
images whether it's videos whatever form
of media we are displaying on social
um linkedin or wherever our ideal
customers hang out
how do we ensure it's going to be
helpful and most importantly
our ideal customers are going to enjoy
that content
and it's going to be a resourceful
useful piece of content for them
well there's a couple of answers to that
first of all
you should mix up your content it
shouldn't be just one thing it shouldn't
be just text it shouldn't just be video
um i learned i used to do almost
exclusively video
and i started um mixing in some some
text
uh text only content and then i started
doing some carousels
or maybe some quote images things like
that if you mix it up a little bit you
just
you stay fresh as far as
whether the content is going to be
useful
don't get hung up on that too much don't
think you have to say okay i have to
post
something every three times a week about
building a house
sometimes just post something that
resonates with you if it resonates with
you it may resonate with your audience
like for example
one of my best posts had nothing to do
with sales that had to do with customer
service
i went into a starbucks where i have a
story about
a starbucks manager being so
unbelievably nice to me
i was so blown away by it i did a post
on it when i got home
literally just recorded it and did a
post and it got over five thousand views
and had nothing to do with sales
yeah something to do with my personality
i you know
don't forget to leave your you know
don't leave your personality at this at
the curb
show your personality another great post
i did was i i built a desk that i'm
sitting at right now i built the desk
with my 12 year old daughter
and i did a time lapse photography on it
it was a two minute video
thousands of likes it was just because
it was me building a desk with my
daughter no words just music in the
background
so every now and then mix it up with
your own personality
and then to find content i know people
struggle with all right what am i going
to say today
always write down something that pops in
your head you'll usually
throughout the day things will pop in
your head that you kind of just let go
but once you start concentrating on
what's coming in there like
i should write about this or you see
something that's interesting write it
down
and that could become a piece of content
or do a google search what's the what's
trending in sales right now what's
trending in home building right now
if it's trending that means people are
asking questions about it and do a post
about that
love that yeah i completely agree um
especially in terms of mixing up your
content like you say because it's you've
you've got to let your personality
shine through almost almost prove to
people you're not a robot right
so you're not exactly constantly saying
like this is my work this is how i can
help you blah blah blah same thing every
day every day out and like you say it's
funny that you mentioned that
a non-work based post was your best
because i i remember back when covert
first hit so this must have been march
or
april i think i posted a picture of me
and my dog and i was eating a toasted
sandwich
and i said something stupid like i've
just brought out the toasted sandwich
maker for the first time in 10 years
because i got so bored
and then that was one of my most
successful places ever
liked an engagement i was like why no
idea why
but i think people just just kind of
clicked with it and so it's funny i like
that stuff yeah
exactly just just describe a few of your
human prove you've got a sense of humor
whatever it may be so throwing those in
the works every now and then is is just
brightens people's day up i guess gives
them gives them a little bit of a
chuckle
and yeah and here's an interesting thing
about that it also depends on the social
media platform like i think on linkedin
it's so focused on business so there's
so many posts about people
talking about themselves or talking
about their company or giving or giving
valuable content when you do something
from a personal standpoint
it stands out a little more yeah then
take then look at tick tock i'll give
you a great example of tick tock
tick tock is is really not about
business it's about entertainment
uh but there there are a lot of business
people on on tick tock but the ones who
do it right
are kind of doing more entertaining but
i actually
i started a tick tock account and i
actually posted a video a linkedin video
on tick tock to see how it would do so
it was completely business
and that went viral my regular ones i
get you know
500 views this one you ready for this i
have over 200 000 views on this one
post because it was a linkedin post and
it was really
it just looked different so it just
depends on you know
be cognizant of your of your social
media platform as well
yeah i mean i don't want to go into
tiktok too much but
i've never used it myself did did that
actually generate you
you any business alan do you know i mean
i know tinkertock can get
no so good for branding i guess good for
branding
um i don't know if i mean i i'm gonna
consistently do it because i think you
just
i you should just be on as many as you
can um i don't do it
you know i'm not on it every day like
like linkedin but i mean now i have 3
500 followers that's 3 500 people who
didn't know me
you know basically a month ago so maybe
it'll turn into something i don't know
um i would think so when you get to that
many people and
and but that one thing it just it made
me laugh because it went viral and my 12
year old daughter is really mad at me
because she has not had a video
that's gone right oh yeah now you're
ahead she's now my head
back get get to the top of the of the
leaderboard yeah
cool man so no i like i really love that
point about mixing up showing you're a
human showing you've got you've got a
person now you've got a bit of sense of
humor about it it's almost like a
pattern interrupt so when people are
scrolling through the feed
instead of just seeing the same old
poster they're seeing something a bit
different that spice it up a bit cool
um and any any other ways any other ways
i know
you mentioned which i do as well alan i
often if i'm out walking the dog or
going for a run or something comes into
my mind
i might just jot it down on my iphone
notes app and then that way later in the
week later in the day i might use it as
a piece of content so i really like that
because i use that a lot myself
um are there any other ways that you use
to leverage
um to actually make sure that the
content you're putting out isn't a sales
pitch but it's actually
generally useful not just to everyone
but to people that you want to be doing
business with
yeah you anytime you start this is a
this is
i always took this when i um
learned some copywriting one of the best
pieces of advice i learned in
copywriting was
when you write a piece of marketing
material or press release whatever it is
anytime you see the word i or me or we
change it to you or your because
if you're talking about yourself no
one's listening if you
take the same copy but turn it around to
the customer
they will listen it's the same thing in
content if you start
anything with so i you know
the if you look at linkedin closely if
you see the posts that say
you know we just opened a new office in
memphis today
and there's a picture of the of the
people standing in the office
that usually has about three or four
likes and there's a reason for that
because nobody cares except for the
people who are standing in the office
if you instead said um
we're introducing some new software and
and you talk about how the software not
even that's a bad example
um you just talk about some value
and then you can say we we're we're
doing we're bringing this value from
this new office it's different
because you started talking about the
value that you can bring the customer
without talking about yourself so
anytime you're you you feel like
posting something about your company or
about yourself or about an award you won
or anything like that just know it's not
going to get much engagement because
people don't care they just don't they
want what's in it for me
it's wifm radio it always is about
what's in it for me
that's what people will read and stop
and look at
yeah i think that summarizes it pretty
nicely really make sure it's actually
going to help out your your idol
prospero customer before you post it so
instead of just putting something out
like you said that's all about me oh we
just won an award
we just upgraded our office we just did
this we're so great
no one cares how can you help me what
can you
what tip can you provide me today what
can you say of interest what did
what can you teach me that i didn't know
yesterday um
what free free material do you have for
me that's there's going to be of
interest of you is going to help me get
better at business so yeah
that hit the nail hits the nail on the
head pretty well i'd say
cool um so moving this
back to selling more directly
if we are so i know pre-record we talked
a little bit about
sales presentations and i think um
you're gonna give some ideas on how we
can actually leverage things like social
proof
and why they're quite important when
we're in more of the closing aspect of
business or trying to bring business to
the table
uh how we can how we can leverage social
proof and how that can help us
so i think one of the best
i hate to call it a technique or
strategy but for a lack of a better term
one of the best techniques
you can use as a seller is invoking
social proof
and in my experience it's one of the
things that's forgotten about
the most as well and social proof is a
very very simple concept because it's
based on human behavior
it's in it's inherent in every human
being's brain
that you want to be part of a tribe you
want to feel comfortable doing something
that other people have done and
what that means is it's very there's so
many examples but a great example is if
you're in a restaurant how many times
have you been with someone
where they couldn't make their decision
on what to eat and they asked the waiter
or the waitress
what's the most famous dish what's the
most popular dish on the menu
and they'll say oh the beef stroganoff
i'll have that
they did that because they don't want to
be they don't want to pick something
they're not comfortable picking
something
by themselves they want to know what
other people have chosen
uh one of the great examples i use is i
did some training with this gentleman
who sold suits
in one of those large men's warehouse
places that had a thousand suits in it
and part of the training was let's
invoke some social proof and he's like
how the heck do i do that selling
selling suits i said well one of the
ways is you can use it from
appearance or stature so let's say a
short stocky guy walks in
and wants a suit or maybe a tall thin
guy walks in and wants a suit
you simply say hey mr smith you see
these four suits right over here
most of the tall men who are thin who
look like you
buy one of these four suits so now
the customer the confusion of having a
thousand suits in the place
is gone because now that's eliminated
and all he's thinking about are these
four suits
and he's gonna feel much more
comfortable purchasing one of those
suits because other people who look like
him
bought one of those suits so that's
social proof so any way you can use
social proof in your selling
whether it's appearance whether it's
profession proximity
you know six other people in in this
town bought this software
uh ten other car dealerships use this
type of
calendar function anything you can do
that's going to put them
in the tribe of the people that you of
the product or service you're selling
will make them much more comfortable in
in moving forward with you
got it so it sounds like leveraging
intel that you've already got
from your previous customers so
perhaps you're talking about a solution
or the the restaurant
example is actually really good i mean
i'm myself i'm terrible terribly
indecisive
so any time my fiance asked me what
we're gonna have for dinner i'm just
like
i got for some reason i just come to an
absolutely freeze up right i don't know
what i want for dinner
um even though i've got my meals or like
pizza steak whatever it is
um just totally free same in the
restaurant terrible so yeah
if if uh if i did ask the waiter just
like you said there
people tend to go for these two dishes
they're really really popular i'd
probably pick one
um just because i'm terrible like that
no i'm saying everyone's on that mindset
but for me and
specifically it would work a treat um
and that's like when you're talking
about your product and your customer
might say
um not too sure are these three options
which would be the best
and i guess you could say alan well
based on your client
um based on similar type of clients to
yourself they tend to opt for this
solution because of xyz
um and based on experience working with
clients
typically in your sector they like to go
with this because of this
so yeah that makes perfect sense um and
i guess even you can you can leverage
that back
into your content that you're putting
out in terms of social so you could use
some of these examples perhaps
of people that you've worked with or
situations that you've had and leverage
that in your content right
absolutely you can always start your
content by saying you know uh
of the 50 of the uh people i've worked
with this year
are xyz or even for someone like you you
know in the in the web
business if you have if you have a car
dealership contact you
and you've had seven other clients who
are car dealerships you just leverage
that saying
yeah we we we've worked with these other
seven car dealerships and
they've increased their sales because of
our seo um by 35 percent
you know you we all see social proof
every day and we don't even know it
especially online
like how many times are you online
looking at a product or even uh
like a hotel room how many times does
that bubble pop up and say
you know joe from you know uh
london just just purchased this hotel
room or is looking at this product
that's social proof it's giving you kind
of like it's doing one of two things
it's giving you anxiety because now
they're using scarcity because you may
not be able to get the product if
if people keep buying it and number two
other people are buying us you're like i
gotta buy this because
i'm not the only one so that that's
leveraging two
areas of influence which is scarcity and
social proof
and the retail industry and especially
the online retail industry does it
brilliantly
and it's not by accident trust me it's
there for a reason
oh no um and exactly when we're when
we're building websites for clients
especially sites where
businesses want to generate inbound
leads inbound opportunities or even
sales
will nearly always leverage social proof
so it could be things like on the home
page you've got
client testimonials or client reviews
or perhaps you've got accredited logos
or some of the big brands that they're
working with
um or accreditations all these this kind
of good stuff
um so it just means as as the visitors
scrolling through the website
it's just building layers and layers
upon trust um that could be the tipping
point from them to being just
a browser just having a look to actually
taking the leap and then giving you a
call
or filling out that form just because
you've tipped them over the edge they
built that trust that you're reliable
that you're a helpful company
and uh that's that's made them motivate
them to to take action
um sorry i'm to say something there
yeah you can actually take that a step
further because there's different layers
of that so on a website
you're you're appealing to you don't
know who's looking at your website so
you're going to have sort of like
those testimonials i call them generic
testimonials where
you just get these great testimonials
from anyone you've done work with
but if i'm like a a doctor and i'm
looking for a website
you're going to build the trust and the
authority from that stuff you put on
there
but then when i talk to you you take it
to the next level and say yeah we have
17 other doctors that we've done
websites for so now i'm really feeling
good because
i found out you're you're a good company
because you've worked with all these
different people you've got some great
testimonials but now i want to hear
testimonials from doctors i want to hear
i want to see the websites that you've
done for people in my profession
so that's a second level and then when
you when you're able to do that
you're off and running that's a home run
yeah yeah i mean this could almost be a
whole conversation in itself i mean
absolutely and you could then you could
do things like crack on with your case
studies i guess right alan so if you've
if you've helped a client in the sector
you could even start weaving in
storytelling
so if they had a similar situation to
them you could say let this this
customer came to me six months ago
with your exact problem in fact they're
in your sector
um they had this issue with getting
inbound leads so we took them through
this strategy
we really held their hand to do this um
and as a result they've they've
3x their revenue they've onboarded a
bunch of clients and they're really
really happy
and happy to send through their their
case study to you if it would be of use
so there's so many different ways that i
didn't even think about really that
social proof can be leveraged for your
content for your website for your
conversations over the phone or on zoom
or even face to face
so they can't really use it it's almost
second nature for me when when i'm
talking to someone i'll always say
if even if it's an individual coaching
client
just the simple the simple sentence of
um
you know the the person i was coaching
last week uh
did this uh did this uh technique and it
really worked for them
that's it that's social proof that that
right there is talking about another
person that's being coached
and a technique that i'm talking about
and that person used it and successful
it'll make them feel much more
comfortable one that there's another
person that i'm coaching and two
that the technique that i'm that i'm
asking them to do
worked with someone else who's like them
yeah it's just like a weird
subconscious thing isn't it that you've
heard that someone else has had success
doing what you want to do and it's like
in that case i might go for it because
uh i can see it's so powerful there's so
you're right this could be a whole this
could be three codes i could talk about
social proof and
and the powers of the different powers
of influence for for a long time so
but uh it's really good stuff awesome
dude just to wrap up
i think you had a few few tips on on how
we can can utilize our
pricing strategies appreciate this is a
bit off topic but i thought it could be
quite an interesting conversation as
it's not something we spoke a great deal
about
so um did you have some tips for us in
terms of pricing strategies that can
can be quite useful in terms of our
selling yeah another whole show but i'll
give you a couple
quick a couple of quick tips number one
and and this is
you see the retail back to the retail
industry and and don't think this is
just for retail
the human brain it's been proven by a
thousand studies
is more comfortable with numbers that
end in a nine or a seven
they still don't know why but 999
is looks and feels more comfortable than
ten dollars and it's not because it's
it's less expensive it's only one cent
but the the physical
appearance of the nine makes a makes a
person's brain feel more comfortable
if you saw you know a widget for 9.99
and another widget for ten dollars
even if that other widget may be better
you're still going to buy the 999 one
almost i think it's like 93 of the time
so and
even if you have a service don't say we
charge 2500
for a website make it 24.97
if they're looking at two website people
one's 2500 once 24.97
they're buying you because your your
pricing ended in a seven
the other way this is the final tip and
you kind of met you kind of touched on
this when you were saying
you know you're showing three different
uh packages for your products and most
people
choose this one but there's also a way
you can you can
you can set up your pricing packages
where you want the customer to purchase
the one that's best for them
which is usually the high-end package
see the mistake i see many
companies make is they'll they'll put
their pricing in three packages
should always be in three by the way
should always have three choices for
your pricing not one
should always have three but they want
people to go to the middle package
so they'll say this widget is two
dollars the middle widget
is four and the gold widget is six well
as a consumer you're like well let me
take the forks i don't want the cheap
one
but i don't want to spend the money on
the large one so you buy the middle one
but
guess what that does psychologically you
bought the middle one you bought the
average one okay i'm average
i'm buying the the four dollar one you
know i didn't buy the cheap one i didn't
buy the most expensive
so the company doesn't come out feeling
like they're a good company
what if you did two dollars five dollars
six dollars now the middle one is five
dollars well i'm not gonna buy the two
dollar one but for only a dollar more i
can buy the large
now i'm feeling great because i got a
great deal on their best package
so if you can position your pricing
where that middle one is really
it's only there to get them to the best
package because the best package is the
best
one for them and it's also the best
profit margin for the company
and in the end of the at the end of the
day they're feeling great because they
got a good deal
on your best package so break your
pricing into three
put that middle option closer toward the
large
naturally they'll go but they'll go for
the large and they'll feel better about
doing that
that's a nice little tip might have to
try that in some future
proposals and presentations see how it
goes yep definitely definitely do it
trust me it works and customers feel
better about
buying it because like i said they feel
like they got a really good deal
on your best package and on that
bombshell
let's wrap things up alan really
appreciate you coming on the show man
thanks so much well my pleasure thanks
for inviting me no worry student
please do share more about how people
can learn from you how they can connect
with you and the best way for them to
get in touch
so really my website is the is the
easiest way um it's al
langer.com so a-l-l-a-n-g-e-r dot com
and also here's another quick tip i have
a uh there's a everyone knows about link
tree but there's another one called flow
page and if you go to flow dot page
slash
alan langer it has all of my links to
everything in one spot all my social
media
my website um i have a non-profit that i
run with my daughter and i also have a
master course that i teach
all the links are there so it's
flow.page
forward slash alan langer a-l-l-a-n
l-a-n-g-e-r
and i'll have everything there my
website will as well but this is kind of
like in one compact spot
so it's pretty neat and and uh if people
want to check it out
i'm not selling float page i don't get
anything for it but i just think it's
really it's better than link tree in my
opinion so
there you go nice one and all the all
those links will be available
over at the site
businessgrowth.marketing
and with that thank you once again alan
really appreciate you coming on
all right sam have a great day over the
uk and we'll uh hopefully we'll talk
soon
cheers dude and if you enjoyed the show
be sure to hit subscribe
wherever the heck you get your podcast
from we interview podcast leaders we
interview business leaders
each and every week to get actual tips
across sales marketing all to help you
grow your business
and with that we'll catch you on the
next episode thanks very much for tuning
in